so looking at effective we can understand that impact camping insides is so important to our industry landscape
the first we talked about
audience so audience we've always focus on Impressions and ratings
now we're getting more into the reach and frequency of your certain target audience
and overall with our first party data we can look at time spent composition we can see where your audience is watching when they're watching and how they're watching
then we connect that with impact
impact let us build awareness and brand we call it lets us see how many times someone is coming to your website and how engaged they are with your
website we have a message Association we can also look at Roi and attribution and understand the intent
metric so understanding are they completing of go on your website
or are they looking at Express certain page
and we also understand the competitive National TV insides
so not only are we looking at measurement but we also provide expertise
here at effective we have a dedicated team focus on providing our advertisers
advertisers with consultation from the media planning stage
during the campaign and even giving a post campaign analysis
our commitment to our clients is understanding our clients business calls
their campaign objectives and understanding the
success and the metrics that come with that success
we develop strategic media recommendations understanding who they should Target and what the reach and frequency looks like to that certain Target
we recommend a defect in this and also attribution case studies
NOTE lang en